Hello all, @CariniJams710 here with the latest once again. Enjoy this simple song! Pulled straight outta Mondegreen here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tn7hQqG-uWE

Entire song is Gm / Eb / Bb / F 
--Gm---Eb--Bb--F--------
E--x---x---6---x--------
B--x---x---6---x--------
G--x---8---7---10-------
D--5---8---8---10-------
A--5---6---8---8--------
E--3---x---6---x--------

Gm 
The storm had passed by quickly, as the evening got its start. 
Eb
The moon, full, brightly lit the sky as clouds began to part.
Bb
Saffy grabbed the phone and promptly notified the town. 
F
Tick, emerging from below, was shocked at what he found.
In one corner, Jennifer stood firm like she'd been taught, 
while Mikey cried for someone to protect him from his thoughts.
Saffy's food was thrown at Jen who still refused to bend. 
Pylon kept repeating that "my sword's my only friend" 
Everyone started dancing to a song they couldn't stand.
It started just this slowly, but it soon got out of hand. 
Penni racing down the stairs went crashing into Ken.
Jennifer begged Tick to "drop the needle, start again" 
Chester wandered in dressed like the Salamander Prince, 
He entertained the cat all night, I haven't seen it since.
Dregma spent the evening only staring out the door. 
Saf complained how Tick would never notice what she wore. 
A hog cried out beneath the din but no one seemed to hear.
Finally the furniture stopped trying to interfere. 
The crowd began to dissipate, but Tick could smell the spore. 
These actions, like a drug, would always bring them back for more. 
Through the years we've suffered most 
From things we've never spoken 
Still, I think you know If looks could kill we'd both be broken. 
Though, after all this time it seems we're not each other's kind. 
Never think that I don't know. 
What's going through your mind 

Misty morning madness forms a shell around my brain. 
Pulls my foot inside the window to protect it from the rain. 
I rise again in silence but I hear a distant call. 
I turn toward the disturbance, find a zipper in the wall. 
As I slowly peel it open it reveals a blinding light. 
So I stumble through the portal as a force destroys the night. 
Adjusting to the brightness as the scene begins to fold, 
I'm surrounded by resentment, or a mirror of my soul. 
Ashamed of my reflections I reverse and try to flee. 
But the image that I run from only seems to follow me. 
The portal that I came through just ahead within the haze, 
dissolves as I approach it and I only find a maze.
Though my strategy is wasteful and I fail at every turn. 
These corridors I wander are the least of my concerns.
For the walls are made of mirrors, so despite what you may say, No matter where I turn, I know I'll never get away. 
Through the years we've suffered most 
From things we've never spoken 
Still, I think you know If looks could kill we'd both be broken.
Though, after all this time it seems We're not each other's kind. 
Never think that I don't know. What's going through your mind 

Perhaps a dream could prompt you to 
Rewind the film that torments you 
And show to me the one you mean 
Who's tied so closely to our dreams 
For you make reference many times saying that I'm not deprived 
By this silent entity 
Who commandeers the dreams inside your mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind mind 
